1. Goal
What is the purpose of your infographic? Why are you doing it? What do you hope will
come of it?

Ans: The purpose of my infographic is to convey the information at hand as easily as possible with the help of a 
picturesque format. This way it can help people who have a harder time understanding wordy contents and i hope that my
message, in which is the information to come through as easily as possible.

2. Audience
Who is your AUDIENCE? (What is relevant to them? What engages them?)

Ans: My main audiences or focus group is the parents or possibly the care-takers/babysitters. An easy to understand
infographic helps tremendously, especially when they are in parenting stress and do not know what to do. Since the
infographic is easy to read, it shows them the many ways to nuturing a child, especially giving what the kids need the most
which is rest and sleep.

3. STORY
What is your story form? Cause and effect? Then and now? Problem/solution? What would
you briefly tell someone what your infographic will say?

Ans: My story is based on the comparison of a child's need for sleep to that of a teenager as the opening to my infograpic.
This way i can convince the audience group that a child's sleep is more important then when they are in their teens, this
will push the parents to better take care of their child when they are younger and healthier. I hope to resolve sleep
deprivation of young children that might affect their future. If i were to briefly tell someone what my infographic will say,
is that 'It shows you the many possible ways to help your child in their sleep schedule and educates you about how the 
environmental factor affects a child's growth.' 

4. MESSAGE
What is the most relevant message you would like them to walk away with? Is there an
image that can go with it and be the focus?

Ans: Albeit there are no images to go with it, the most relevant message i would like them to walk away with is that 
your actions are always affecting everyone and everything around you, parenting is not an easy task and neither should
you think that it is.

5. CONTENT
Cite your data source (do include the data source or resources already provided in your
assignment) and any other additional data or content that support your goal.

Ans:
https://www.healthhub.sg/live-healthy/1860/should-kids-sleep-in-when-schools-out
https://www.healthhub.sg/live-healthy/1863/ready-the-kids-for-the-new-school-year
https://www.healthhub.sg/live-healthy/1857/time-for-bed-chop-chop

6. VISUALS
What are your supporting visuals? How can your data be visualized in the most compelling
and informative way? List and describe the design elements in a sketch below. 

Ans: Unfortunately i do not have a sketch. However i can just type it out.
My supporting visuals are the fonts that i have picked, it is a very friendly looking font as it has rounded edges.
The fonts may not seem like an important factor but psychologically i will affect the readers or the audience in a 
welcoming way, in which makes them feel invited and are enticed to continue reading.
Another factor is that the color schemes that i have chosen are also very inviting and good on the eye.
The colors are not to over exaggerated and over tuned with in turn does not stress out the eyes too much and allows readers
or the audience to continue reading with no concerns and difficulties.
With slightly darker background, i used white fonts to contrast the dark color and allow the texts which is the important
information i am conveying to stand out. This way, it pulls the audience's attention to the important parts of the infographic
giving the readers or the audience what they want without making a round-about way of conveying a message. Thus, im a
straightforward manner, it helps the audience to track where the important points are rather than searching the infographic
like a encyclopedia webpage.